ORIGINAL
LOAN #:
MIN:
NOTE
October 17, 2018
[Date]
[State]
[Property Address)
1. BORROWER'S PROMISE TO PAY
In return for a loan that I have received, I promise to pay U.S. $325,000.00
(this amount is called "Principal"),
plus interest, to the order of the Lender. The Lender is
I will make all payments under this Note in the form of cash, check or money order.
| understand that the Lender may transfer this Note. The Lender or anyone who takes this Note by transfer and who
is entitled to receive payments under this Note is called the "Note Holder."
2. INTEREST
Interest will be charged on unpaid principal until the full amount of Principal has been paid. I will pay interest at a
yearly rate of 4.625 %.
The interest rate required by this Section 2 is the rate I will pay both before and after any default described in Section
6(B) of this Note.
3. PAYMENTS
(A) Time and Place of Payments
1 will pay principal and interest by making a payment every month.
) will make my monthly payment on the 1st
day of each month beginning on December 1,
2018.
I will make these payments every month until have paid all of the principal and interest and any other charges described
below that I may owe under this Note. Each monthly payment will be applied as of its scheduled due date and will be
applied to interest before Principal. If, on November 1, 2048,
I still owe amounts under this Note, I will
pay those amounts in full on that date, which is called the "Maturity Date.
I will make my monthly payments at
or at a different place if required by the Note Holder.
(B) Amount of Monthly Payments
My monthly payment will be in the amount of U.S. $1,670.95.
4. BORROWER'S RIGHT TO PREPAY
I have the right to make payments of Principal at any time before they are due A payment of Principal only is known
as a "Prepayment." When make a Prepayment, will tell the Note Holder in writing that am doing so. may not designate
a
payment as a Prepayment if have not made all the monthly payments due under the Note
i may make a full Prepayment or partial Prepayments without paying a Prepayment charge. The Note Holder
will
use my Prepayments to reduce the amount of Principal that I owe under this Note. However, the Note Holder may apply
my Prepayment to the accrued and unpaid interest on the Prepayment amount, before applying my Prepayment to
reduce the Principal amount of the Note. If make a partial Prepayment, there will be no changes in the due date or in
the amount of my monthly payment unless the Note Holder agrees in writing to those changes.
5. LOAN CHARGES
If a law, which applies to this loan and which sets maximum loan charges, is finally interpreted so that the interest
or other loan charges collected or to be collected in connection with this loan exceed the permitted limits, then: (a) any
such loan charge shall be reduced by the amount necessary to reduce the charge to the permitted limit; and b),any
Initials:
MULTISTATE FIXED RATE NOTE-Single Family-Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac UNIFORM INSTRUMENT Form 3200 1/01
Ellie Mae, Inc.
Page of 3
F3200NOT 0107
F3200NOT (CLS)
10/17/2018 06:11 AMPST

